what's up guys Brendon Hufford here
welcome to 100 days of SEO it's a little
echoey in here but the light is so good
coming out of this window and even
though that the garbage me I'm looking
at me like I'm crazy because you could
hello sir it's so silly
welcome to workshop Wednesday hundred
days of SEO let's get into it what is
happening everybody I'm Brendon Hufford
I'm so excited to share with you this
workshop Wednesday if you're new here
just a regular guy I'm the founder of
SEO for the rest of us and this 100 days
of SEO project most of the SEO director
at a freaking awesome agency here in
Chicago I was a teacher and even an
assistant principal you know about 10
years total
and I radically changed my life with SEO
and the goal of the 100 days of SEO
project is to help you do the same thank
you to flywheel this is who I host all
of my websites with if it matters to me
it's hosted on flywheel you can check
them out at get flywheel calm and if you
want these slides and all of the other
things that we're doing with 100 days of
SEO this is in fact the first video I'm
even going to talk about this we're
going to be having a 30 day one ranking
away challenge I believe every single
website is one ranking away one just
huge amazing piece of content or home
page ranking away from transforming
their business and I am super excited
that we're gonna be coming out with that
if you want to get that in your inbox
100 days of SEO calm /join so today in
workshop Wednesday we're gonna be taking
a look at scale spark now we're gonna
win hop out of the slides here and onto
the Internet we're gonna hop it onto the
website and we're gonna take a look in
it and kind of do a little bit of
analysis so over here on the website a
couple things stand out to me the first
thing is that like I don't know what
this website is I see scale spark maybe
you're sparking my ability to scale like
I get that it's very clever right and
this is gonna be a theme that you're
gonna see me bringing up again again
this is something that I've also heard
one of the veteran SEO so his name is
Glenn Alsip from VIPRE till he also has
a website called gaps calm and detailed
calm and well
the things he's talked about when I've
seen him review websites when he does
SEO kind of reviews is he ends up
talking about things that I talked about
as well do we even have a foundation to
go forward from I think this website is
fantastic in a lot of ways I think
what's confusing about it is just kind
of the UX of it and the messaging so in
terms of the UX we see we have moved to
many options to talk let's chat let's
chat here's a little thing from drift
but the problem is that like I look here
my eyes read left to right scale spark
integrator services straightened stack
again integrator services and straighten
the stack I get it you're straightening
well I I didn't get it at first I had to
do some research but you're just gonna
help me straightening straighten out my
software and my marketing stack or my
software stack on it I get what you're
doing but straighten the stack and
especially the fact that it's
trademarked it is this a product is it's
very confusing on what it is same thing
with unwind as a grind like I get that
it's clever it's just not clear I'm not
clear in what you do anywhere on this I
help founders and CEOs stay in their
zone of genius I don't know what that
means nothing I deal with the details so
you can do the deep work I still don't
know what it means like what you do and
it's not until I hit here do I see what
you actually do for people project and
client management software and processes
accounting and Finance and Human
Resources and now the problem is like on
here the this what's an integrator holds
so much gold that should be brought to
the home page you know look at this like
this is the type of stuff when a founder
reads it you know they're asking you're
asking yourself what can i outsource who
can I hire like what role do I need to
hire like I just need some of my time
back I can't get out of the day-to-day
grind to actually grow this company and
especially if you have VC money and
especially if you're in high-pressure
situations like that type these
questions matter and these are the kind
of questions that make you just go oh
they're in my head for Susan like the
you know this is like Oh Susan get out
of my head like you know exactly what my
problems are you're the person to solve
it I would love to see some of that
brought to here because the problem is
above the fold like this doesn't really
say what's going on and down here like
all of a sudden here's where we
explained straight in the stack but up
here it's just confusion there's so much
confusion above the fold whereas down
here there's so much clarity and I would
love to see some of this get brought up
again like I want to just continue
reiterating we want to be clear and not
clever the biggest feedback I can add to
the blog is SEO feedback but also again
UX feedback of if in any way this
websites on Squarespace if there's any
way that you can like let's start
creating some categories here and let me
start seeing cuz you have all of this
good content I was gonna make all these
recommendations but like you have what
is an integrator and you have what is
change management and how to automate
your agency you have all this what
should you outsource and when I want
even older like you're doing important
things you're reviewing these technology
platforms that these founders and these
people these executives that want to
hire you would be using right they want
to use you have to integrate all these
things together and you that we want to
show that you know about api's but the
problem is like there's no way for me to
find that from the homepage see like
again we see like some really good stuff
on this page I would just love to see it
not be so hard for people to get there
and we'll talk about solutions here in a
second but I want to see more
organization around like these just kind
of seen random and we have like this
like tips and tricks growth and scaling
process improvement automation like I
would love to see a page with these
things on the front I know as a founder
as an executive I need help with
improving my processes I know I need
help scaling I know I need help with
automation now if I saw those which one
of these do you need the most help with
automation growth and scaling processes
whatever none I can click and I can see
more articles about those things and I
think that would be really really really
helpful for you so if I can leave you
with a couple tips that I think would be
helpful the first one I'm gonna use my
website just because this is something
that I've tried to find clarity on
because I have stuff on my website about
everything about branding and podcasting
and even my faith and being a dad and
all these things and I really wanted the
homepage to be focus on my ideal clients
and customers so I really wanted there
to be a lot of clarity in
what I'm doing what I'm offering right
no no vagueness nothing superclass I
mean I have some like clever jokes in
here about me being a brown coat and a
wild stallion and the Jedi like if you
get those you know if you like Firefly
and Phil and Ted's Excellent Adventure
and Star Wars like then we just became
best friends but otherwise you know give
it a pass another one would be Pete from
do you even blog like build impactful
and profitable blogs like it is straight
to the point
it is extremely straight forward and
another one that might be more
contextual for you is Jess from gal
Friday so I know Jess she works with an
entrepreneur that I've gotten to know
really really well and I've worked with
just a lot and she's wonderful but again
like this is again really clear
exceptional support for busy executives
when you over to learn more page you can
see it's executive assistants event
planning administrators support like
it's just it's no frills it's not super
designee or anything but it is very
straight to the point of what the
offering is here and I would love again
to pull all of the cool stuff that you
have even this like straighten the stack
is like you're focusing it on your
buzzword and not their problem and if it
was focused on their problem you would
see a ton I guarantee a ton more
navigation to these pages right helps
you choose the right systems for your
business like this is like I just want
to see more good copy around like the
actual issues that people are having in
the words they use to describe it nobody
I mean if people are getting a hold of
you and they're saying you know I really
need to straighten my stack and I really
need an integrator service then that's
great and maybe I'm totally off but if
that's not the case like doing more on
in fact let's just let's just hop into
the slides I've got some tips there for
you so you know when it comes to SEO the
number one thing is we need are your
website your content your authority and
then really everything else now your
website is not super old it is not super
popular you don't have a ton of links to
it so the only way we're gonna win here
now with the outside of link building
and really putting a lot of effort into
building the website's Authority is
going to be with content so how are you
gonna win here you're gonna win using
the I am SEO framework so looking at the
intent of what people want and why they
want it creating assets and then putting
the
assets on your website I love the
content cluster model from HubSpot and I
think this really works here you could
very easily have a content cluster
around productivity for founder's or
productivity for executives or
productivity for entrepreneurs you can
test what words work best for your ideal
client maybe they are startup founders
maybe they are entrepreneurs maybe they
are executives but having a content
cluster for productivity another one for
time management an ultimate guide a
pillar piece of content around hiring an
executive assistant where you walk
through all of the problems that would
make somebody need to hire an executive
assistant and that's when you pull the
old switcheroo and you're like you don't
need an executive assistant what you
need is meat and you show them that you
are the solution to their problems once
you've sufficiently laid out exactly
what their problems are then you
position yourself as the person to solve
those problems then finally we want to
build out this content into an awareness
funnel so people who are problem where I
know I have pain I know I'm not able to
get any work done I know I can't reach
inboxes zero like those big like how to
reach inbox zero is another like big
like it's not super focused there's a
million different people in the world
that might need that not really your
ideal thing but it is very problem aware
and then solution where they know that
there's people they can hire so you've
kind of identified this on your website
before Susan like we know we can hire
people like who do we hire having a
hiring guide for executive assistants
and personal assistants would be really
valuable here then product where all
right I know that scale spark exists so
are they the best solution of these
types of solutions that's where you
really get into well we're the best
because we have this trademark kind of
process around straightening the stack
and we also have these like that's where
you really get into selling yourself and
then most aware is really just like
let's book a call this is the let's chat
button and let's hop on a call and I
what I would really like to see more of
on your website it's just more case
studies and testimonials so I have these
like testimonials here but you have a
bunch of these you have some here you
have some on your straight in a stack
page I want to see more like this our
clients I want to see this
pulled up and I don't want to just see a
nice like hey this is like a short
little blurb of like what we did blah
blah blah
I want like a case study I want to see
so I don't see any numbers here I don't
see that like Susan's work saved me six
point eight million dollars last year
Susan allowed me to get nineteen hours
back per week in my schedule for less
than the cost of hiring a full-time
employee and I didn't have to train her
because she's already an expert at what
she does like there's no hard numbers in
here and there's nothing concrete and
the more we can concretely say the work
that we did mattered and change all of a
sudden that changes things and like
let's pull this forward let's put that
here in the top I care what if I want to
hire you I care way more about your case
studies put a perfect case study up
there in the top I mean you could even
title it our number one case study and
have a fully built out case study of
exactly what you did now was this
necessarily an SEO tech no but it's a
business tactic and what's right for
business is almost always right for SEO
and that case study will be exactly what
takes you through a product aware in the
most aware and then becoming a client so
Susan I hope this has been extremely
helpful for you if you are looking for
hosting for your WordPress website
obviously Susan's website was on
Squarespace today I'm a huge WordPress
advocate so if you have a WordPress
website that you care about and it's
making you money and things like site
speeds security and uptime and support
Matt that's why I use flywheels their
incredible support that saved me from
leadpages broke my whole website and the
flywheels support team just freakin
fixed it it was amazing that's why I use
them like if you care about those things
go 200 days of SEO comm slash flywheel
and again if you want to get in on the
30 day challenge if you want to check
out the pillar content masterclass or
even get these slides go to 100 days of
SEO calm /join I've been Brendon Huffer
don't forget to work hard be nice people
and don't get too lost trying to create
something that matters
[Music]